Hi again, this is the solution to exercise 24.
You were asked to complete this script.
So this was the initial script. The dictionary only.
So you get this expected output, these three lines in here.
This is the solution.
We're using a for loop and we're iterating through the items of the dictionary.
I think you can try this.
Print d.items to see well that gives you. So that gives you a dict item object
So this is a special object.
And then you have two of variables here, key and value and each of these variables will go through each
of these tuples in here.
So key will be replaced with this b in the first iteration and the value will be replaced with this
list.
So we're talking about the first iteration and in that first iteration what you do is you print out the
key.
So b. B is printed out in here.
Then a comma and then you print out a string 'has value'.
So 'has value' is printed there and then value which is the list in here.
The same for the second iteration.
And so on and this is the solution to this exercise.
So the key here is dictionary.items.
Thanks and I'll talk to you later.